---
title: "Risk of Resources"
description: "A large project specifically made to facilitate events in the RoR2 twitch community."
pubDate: "12/06/2024"
heroImage: "/post_img.webp"
tags: ["Web Service", "Competitive gaming"]
---

This project was started a long time ago and was the first major project I had ever undertaken. 
Initially it was poorly designed, poorly built, really costly and impossible to extend.
After running the initial event (Ror2 bingo), there was immediate demand for follow-up events,
the system being abhorrently non-extendable gave me my first great idea in this project. Start again.

And so I did, in the meantime i'd collected a few other devs that had reached out to tell me how bad I was at web dev. 

Thanks guys.

With a wealth more experience, a fancy new framework (Astro + Svelte) and most importantly a brand new design, all in tow.
We set to work, breaking down the competitive aspects of the previous event design into more streamlined free for all 
meant the system could be designed in a way that was easy to reuse for multiple events.
One of the previous issues had been each bingo square was a hard coded logic decision in the game mod, to change these would be, relatively, far too much work to embark on with a team of unpaid volunteers.
By using only the timed racing element of the previous event we were able to enhance the competitive aspect, and simplify the mod mechanics.
Now the plan was to have up to 4 players all racing through one seeded randomly rolled loadout.
